## SD Telesales Releases

### 4.0.1

#### Enhancements

- A change was made to the Call List to allow for multi selection of call records for deletion.

- A new action Enter Order was added to the Orders FastTab in the Make Call Card. This action populates the customer's details in the newly created Sales Order.

- The link in the View Our Apps action on the Setup Card was updated.

- The Manage Subscriptions Page, accessed from the Setup Card, was updated.

### 4.0.0

#### Enhancements

- The C/AL code base was converted to AL.

- The existing objects were renamed to our ISV standards.

- Replaced the SD Telesales code that had to be added to the standard 36 Sales Header table in the C/AL build with event subscribers. The standard Sales Order Card was extended and modifications that were added to the SD Telesales Sales Order Card in the C/AL build were added to the page extension.

- Replaced the SD Telesales code that had to be added to the standard 37 Sales Line table in the C/AL build with event subscribers. The standard Sales Order Subform was extended and modifications that were added to the SD Telesales Sales Order  Subform in the C/AL build were added to the page extension.

- The ISV licence controller was added to the App.

- The standard Licence Activation and Setup Wizard was added to the build.

- A notification was added to the SD Telesales pages to show users that they need to activate the licence on first install of the App.

- The SD Telesales Licence Message was updated on first install of the App to prompt the user to activate a free trial and choose Assisted Setup to create demo data.

- A page was created to display all installed Simply Dynamics Apps and Subscription details for the tenant.

- The Request Subscription button in the Product Activation Page was updated to point to the new CRM URL.

- SD Telesales permission sets were created.

- An About Page was created and surfaced on the SD Telesales Setup Card.

- The ISV Assisted Setup functionality was added to the app.

- The Standard Attachments and Notes FactBoxes were removed from the SD-Telesales Setup Pages.

- The Learn More links in the ToolTips were updated to look at our new website and not the old.

- The Usage Category property was added to pages for searching the pages in the Tell Me.

- The size of description and name fields were increased as per standard D365 BC.

- The activities on the Agent and Manager Role Centres were split out into individual pages.

- UI changes were made to the Role Centres. 

- The Role Centre Names were updated to our ISV naming conventions.

- Various UI changes were made to the Setup Card. FlowField cues and actions were added. Changes were made to fieldnames and FastTabs, fields were regrouped.

- The customised Sales Order and Sales Order SubForm pages were removed from the App and the standard Sales Order and Sales Order SubForm pages were extended.

- An Enable SD Telesales option was added to the Setup Card. Enabling this option shows the Telesales actions and FactBoxes on the Sales Order and Telesales functionality hooks into the relevant standard sales events.

- The activity flowfields were removed from the Setup record and a new Activity record was created.

- Sales Orders generated by the Template Orders are stamped on the Sales Header and Sales Lines with the Template Order No and Line No.

- Sales Channels and associated logic and functionality were added to the app.

- Minor UI changes were made to the Agent Card.

- Minor UI changes were made to the Teams Card.

- Various UI changes were made to the Order Template Card.

- Minor changes were made to the Promoted Items list.

- UI changes were made to the Call Pool Card.

- UI changes were made to the Call Exclusion Card.

- Minor changes were made to the Minimum Order Amounts.

- Minor updates were made to the creation of Promoted Items.

- UI changes were made to the Build Call List.

- Minor changes were made to the Call Pools List.

- Minor changes were made to the Call Pool Card.

- Minor changes were made to the Populate Call Series.

- Minor changes were made to the Generate Pool Calls.

- UI changes were made to the Teams List.

- UI changes were made to the Call Pool Teams.

- UI changes were made to the Item Control List.

- UI changes were made to the Shipping List.

- UI changes were made to the Exclusion List.

- Changes were made to the Item History page.

### 3.0.0

#### Enhancements

- Updated Documentation.

- Updated Help Files.

- In the Call List, stamp Team and Agent record.

- Changes to Call Type functionality - Planned/Series and Received.

- Created a Manager Role Center.

- Created Call List FactBoxes. Added details Action group to a FactBox. Created a Customer FactBox with KPIs.

- Moved the Build Call List and Generate Standing Orders functionality from the Call List page to the Manager Role Center.

- Reviewed and changed the Sales Order Matrix.

- Changes to the Email Circular functionality - allow the agent to overwrite the pre-populated To Address.

- Changes to the Item Factbox. Show Stock availability.

- Made UI changes to the Order Entry Card. Placed Promoted Items and Items on Special in a FactBox and moved to the top of the page. Changed Icons.

- Updated and upgraded the XMLports.

- Redesigned Series (Call Pools) tables, pages, functionality and generation.

- Implemented ISV code Standards. Cleaned up objects.

- Updated Template ID to a number series.

- Added Date Step To Team Activity.

- Created events in 2016 version.

- Optimised Call Pool Assignment in 2016 version.

- In the 2016 version, when an Alert violation occurs, if the current user is part of a Team, generate a notification to the Manager of the Team that an order needs Approval.

### 2.1.0

#### Enhancements

- Added Minimum Order Value by Shipping Agent / Shipping Agent Service functionality.

- Improvements made to Order History.

- Created functionality for Specials in SD Telesales.

- Created functionality for Promotions in SD Telesales.

- Created functionality for Teams in SD Telesales.

- Alerts - Improvements to Order Release Checks and Workflow.

- Created an XMLport to export Setup, Configuration and Calls and to import Calls.

- Restructure of Report layout.

- Created Demo Cronus Data.

- Modifications made to Alert functionality.

- Item Specials - changes made to logic and to FactBox.

- Placed Alert/Approval code in its own Codeunit.

- Created Readme.txt file

- Created Help files.

- When importing a Circular, if a Circular record does not exist, create one.

- Added Shipping Agent to the General FastTab. Created a Shipping FastTab. Added certain shipping fields to the FastTab.

- Created a link to the order matrix page from the Role Centre.

- Alerts Approvals. When releasing an Order, if any Alerts are created then the Order Status is updated. Created a List Page for the Alerts and browse to the Order from the Alert Page. Allow the user to clear/approve the Alerts.

